- [Nana K. Voiceover] I can't
believe it took me so long
to figure it out about Nana and
Ren.
The clues were all there.
The earrings they wore,
the way they spoke.
They were so similar.
I began to feel the weight
of the history between them.
(birds chirping)
- "Tell us about that
padlock you always wear."
"I can't take it off,
but that's because I lost the
key."
Hm.
What if he didn't actually lose
the key?
And what if Nana's been
holding onto it?
- [Nana K. Voiceover]
Ever since I found out
that Ren was Nana's ex-boyfriend
I've been rereading all
the magazines
and fan club newsletters
from cover to cover
over and over again.
I can't believe how much
I'd missed
'cause I just casually
flipped through them.
I'm the kind of person
who will only catch what
interests me.
Right now, all I can think
about is Nana and Ren.
I can't think about anything
else.
Well, it's more like
I don't want to think about
anything else.
Of course, if I had a new
boyfriend
I probably wouldn't care
about Shoji anymore.
I hope that day comes soon.
- So, are you ready?
(Nana K. gasps)
We gotta get going.
- Yeah.
Hey, Nana?
- Huh?
- Aren't you getting changed?
- [Nana O.] For what?
- You mean you're gonna be
wearing that to the concert?
- I thought it was best to
wear something comfortable
since we're gonna have to stay
overnight.
The shades are cool, huh?
- Yeah, but this is the big
night out
we've been looking forward to
for so long.
I think we should really dress
up for it.
- [Nana K. Voiceover] It's
the first time you'll see Ren
in two years, at least wear
a skirt!
- This is your big night
out, not mine, remember?
Why should I dress up for it?
Besides, it's only a
Trapnest concert.
- [Nana K. Voiceover] If she
wears those stupid sunglasses,
Ren might not recognize her.
Maybe she's doing this
on purpose!
I hate having to bite my tongue.
There's so much I wanna ask her!
- [Nana O.] Is this okay?
- Mm-hm!
- [Nana K. Voiceover] But first
of all,
my main priority is to
get Nana to the concert.
I gotta be careful not to
drive her crazy before then.
(train whooshing)
(fun whimsical music)
- [Nana O.] Want another sugar?
I don't want mine.
- No, that's okay, but thanks.
- [Nana O.] Okay.
- [Nana K. Voiceover] Nana and
Ren
are getting closer to
seeing each other again.
- I can't wait to see them.
- What?
- To see your family.
- Huh?
- Especially Natsuko.
I'm one of her biggest fans.
- [Nana K. Voiceover] I'm kind
of nervous
about her meeting my folks.
My parents are just boring
old people from the boonies.
My little sis is a total fake
and bake with bleached hair
and my older sister...
- Nana!
- [Nana K. Voiceover] She
keeps piling on the pounds.
- [Nana O. Voiceover] They look
so alike.
- [Nana O.] Thanks for picking
us up.
I'm sorry if it caused you any
trouble.
- [Nana K. Voiceover]
Sorry for causing trouble?
- [Nao] Don't worry, today's my
day off,
so it wasn't a problem.
Trying to get around
this place is a nightmare
if you don't have a car
- Actually, about that,
do you think you could give
us a ride to the show tonight?
- Sure.
Where is it?
- [Nana K.] Idea Hall.
We wanna get there around 6:00.
- [Nao] Okay, then we'll
need to leave around 5:30.
- Yay!
Thanks sis, I love ya.
(birds chirping)
(pensive music)
Look, Nana!
That building over there is
where I used go to school.
I miss those times.
- What do you mean you miss
those times?
Hasn't it only been about a year
since you stopped going there?
- I know, but it feels like
it's been more than 10 years,
so much has happened.
- That doesn't surprise me.
- So, you went to art school
here?
Was it interesting?
- It was okay,
but it didn't take long to
realize art wasn't my thing.
I had a lot of fun though
doing stuff with Jun and
Kyosuke and...
(pensive music)
We hung out every day.
- [Nao] So, Nana, I wanna
hear all about life in Tokyo.
Nami says you're living
with your boyfriend.
Is that true?
Is it the same guy?
The one who always
used to come over
when you were in art school?
Shoji, wasn't it?
- No.
- I think there's been a
misunderstanding.
You see, I'm Nana's
roommate in Tokyo.
- [Nao] Oh, really?
- Yeah.
You should come and visit us
sometime.
You'd be more than
welcome.
Then you could see Nana's
Tokyo life for yourself.
- [Nao] Uh-oh.
Nami's been making things up
again.
She sure loves to gossip.
(pensive music)
- [Nana K. Voiceover] I'm glad
Nana is with me.
There are too memories here
for me to cope with on my own.
- [Nao] Hey mom, we're home.
Nana's here.
- Wow, what a fancy house.
You guys must be rich.
- Not really.
This is pretty normal.
Property's cheap around here.
(Nami squeals)
- Nana, you're home!
- Holy tan!
- Is that a present?
A designer handbag?
- I didn't get you anything.
- Nami!
Behave yourself.
Can't you see we've got a guest?
Hello, I'm Nana's mother.
Things can get a little crazy
around here,
but try to make yourself at
home.
(Nana O. chuckles softly)
Hm?
- Oh, my name is Nana Osaki.
Pleased to meet you.
Thanks for letting me stay.
- Nana, what?
- Yeah, we both got the same
name.
Isn't it cool?
We were fated to be roommates.
- Wow, she's really pretty and
stylish!
- You have the same name, but
you're so different from her.
- Mom, shut up!
- You poor girl.
Too bad.
(Nana O. and Nami laughing)
- [Nana O. Voiceover] Way to go,
Natsuko.
- I don't see what's so funny,
Nami.
- Hey, Nami, by the way,
I found out you've been making
up a lot of nonsense again.
This Nana is our Nana's
roommate in Tokyo.
(Nami gasps)
- Nana, what happened to your
boyfriend?
- I never said I was
living with him?
- Are you serious?
That's so boring.
(Nana K. groans)
- [Natsuko] Why didn't didn't
you tell me this before?
Then I wouldn't have spent so
much time worrying about you.
- I tried to tell you, mom,
but every time I tried-
- - So, you're living with
my daughter.
- You never listened and-
Goodness knows what a pain she
must be.
I'm so sorry you have to
put up with her every day.
- No, Nana is the perfect
roommate.
Honest, considerate and
cheerful.
I'm more than happy to be living
with her.
She's a really great girl.
I'm sure it's because she grew
up around
such a loving family.
- Oh, you're too fun!
- Ow!
- [Natsuko] Come on,
I'll make you some tea
before the concert.
- Nana.
- [Nana O.] Oh, here's some
snacks we brought for you.
(zipper unzipping)
- [Nana K.] Nana, you'd
make a really good actress.
- Huh?
- "Nana's a perfect roommate.
Honest, considerate and
cheerful."
- That wasn't acting.
I meant what I said.
- [Nana O. Voiceover] I'm more
than happy
to be living with her.
- So, we didn't see your dad
yet.
Does he work on Saturdays?
- Yeah, he'll be home later on
tonight.
- So, I get to meet him?
I'm looking forward to it.
- I don't know why.
He's not someone who's cool or
anything.
I'm sorry we're such a crazy
family.
It's kind of embarrassing.
- Oh no, I'm having a great
time.
Your mom is even cooler
than I imagined she'd be.
I'm glad I got the chance
to meet her.
- You think my mom's cool?
She's just like any other mom.
- No.
She's more than that.
She seems like the perfect mom.
- Really?
What's your mom like?
You never talked about
her before.
I bet she's beautiful and
cool, right?
- I don't know.
I hardly even remember her.
- What do you mean?
It's only been about six months
since you moved to Tokyo.
- No, I haven't seen her
since I was four years old.
- Huh?
But why not?
- She decided to run off
with some guy.
(Nana K. gasps)
- For all I know, she
could be dead by now.
Not that I really care
either way.
- [Nana K.] So then you grew up
with just your father
raising you?
Any brothers or sisters?
- No.
I never knew my father.
My maternal grandmother raised
me,
but she died when I was 15.
It's kind of weird,
but I like it,
being around a happy
family scene like yours.
I've never experienced
that before.
It's interesting.
- [Nana K. Voiceover] You
like this?
I guess I've always taken
it for granted.
(emotional music)
- Huh?
Sorry.
I didn't mean to be such
a downer.
- No, I'm sorry.
I just, I had no idea.
I should never have
brought it up.
But I'm also happy.
Oh, wait, sorry, that
came out wrong.
I'm not happy about
what happened to you.
I think it's awful and I feel
so bad.
- Calm down.
- The thing is, you've
never really opened up
and told me anything
about yourself before.
I had no idea why
and it always made me
kind of sad
to think you couldn't
confide in me,
so that's why I'm happy,
because you told me.
- Really?
Sorry.
Nana, it never actually
occurred to me
that you might be feeling
that way.
You know, I haven't had a
close female friend before,
so I'm not sure what to do.
I'm not that good at talking
about myself
and sharing my feelings.
So, instead I just end up
keeping everything to myself,
but it doesn't mean that
I'm trying to shut you out.
If there's anything
you wanna know,
just ask and I'll tell you.
Okay?
I don't want you feeling
sad about me.
(Nana K laughing)
Huh?
And what is so funny?
- Nana, that I think it's
hilarious
that you're such a dude
all the time.
Sometimes you're more like my
boyfriend
than one of my best girlfriends.
My heart just totally skipped a
beat.
- Whatever.
I don't want you thinking
about me that way.
- So you'll really tell
me anything I wanna know?
- Yeah.
- The whole truth and
nothing but?
- Sure.
- Are you still in
love with Ren?
(Nana O. gasps)
- [Nana O.] So you knew.
- Yeah, I'm sorry.
I only just found out, but I-
- You knew and that's
why you brought me here?
Thank you, Nana.
- Oh, Nana.
(funky guitar music)
Nana, I'm gonna go buy one
of the souvenir programs.
You want one?
- Mm-mm.
I'm gonna have a quick
smoke, then find my seat.
I can always take a
look at yours later on.
- [Nana K. Voiceover] Are
you still in love with Ren?
Nana never actually
answered my question.
But she didn't need to tell me.
I could see the answer.
Love.
It's a hard word to say.
If it was easy for her
to come out and say,
"Yes, I love him,"
then I guess she would've
already gone to see him long
ago.
Right in front of the guitarist.
Nana, this seat was
meant for you!
The stage is much closer
than I thought it would be.
Unbelievable.
I could almost burst into tears.
All right, try not to cry.
- [Yasu Voiceover] Well,
Nana could have gone with Ren
to Tokyo, but she had
too much pride.
- [Nana K. Voiceover] Nana.
- [PA Announcement] Ladies and
gentlemen,
the concert is about to begin.
We ask that you make
your way to your seats
as soon as possible.
Thank you.
(lighter clicks)
- Now we put the new band
together,
we need to think of a name.
Any ideas?
- Why don't we just stick with
what we were using before?
Rude is a cool name.
- You kidding?
That's so barbaric.
- [Yasu] You're the one
who came up with the name.
- Yeah, I know, but now
we need a fresh start.
We finally got a pretty girl on
lead vocal
so we can't have something
that's too barbaric.
- [Yasu] I guess not.
- Then what about Olive?
Like Popeye's girl.
- Is Olive the image you wanna
put across?
- It might suit him, but not me.
(Nana chuckles)
- Nana, it'd be nice if you
helped us think of a name
instead of laughing.
- Anything you come up
with is fine with me.
- Hey, are you serious
about singing lead vocals
with us in the band?
- "Anything you want is fine
with me."
What fun are you gonna have in
life
with that kind of
attitude?
- I never said I didn't care
what the name was gonna be.
- Then suggest something.
You wanna be a part of this
band,
you gotta put something into it.
- So says the most selfish
member of the band.
(Nobu laughs)
- How about Blast?
Sounds good to me.
- [Nobu] You can't just pick
the first thing you see.
- [Nana O.] But it's cool.
Plus, I've never heard of any
other group
with a name like that.
- Are those cigarettes any good?
They've got a pretty distinctive
smell.
- I like them.
They're cigarillos.
I made a trade with a
tobacco shop owner for them.
- Trade?
(Ren and Nobu laugh)
(Nana K. coughs)
- What the hell?
What a weird taste.
- [Yasu] You think?
- You know, maybe Blast
isn't such a bad name.
It's easy to remember and easy
to say.
- Blast.
I like it.
- [Nana O. Voiceover] That's my
cigarette.
- Ugh!
- [Nana O. Voiceover] Serves him
right.
- There's another level to
blast.
It also means a strong gust of
wind.
- [Nana O.] Oh yeah.
- That's really cool!
It totally feels right
for the image we want to
put across with our music.
- [Ren] Sounds good to me.
We will now be known as Blast.
It's unusual, but
then again, so are we.
(Nobu laughs)
- [Nobu] Three cheers for Blast!
- [Ren] Okay, we have a name.
How about a celebration
speech from our leader?
- [Nana O. Voiceover] They
actually went with the idea?
- Members of the band, as
your leader
I will issue you an
order.
From this day on, we will
only smoke this brand.
- Smoke them yourself.
(emotional music)
(people cheering)
(energetic music)
(Nana K. gasps)
- [Audience] Layla!
(gunshot ringing)
(audience cheering)
(emotional music)
- [Nana K. Voiceover] Why?
Why am I crying?
It's so overwhelming,
all the emotions.
(Nana K. sobbing)
Nana.
I kept praying over
and over again
for the outcome of that night.
Prayed that Nana's fate
would be a happy one.
Almost unknowingly,
we held hands.
I wanted to continue
holding that hand
all night long and forever.